# Disclaimer
### 1. All resource files in this project are prohibited from being reproduced or published on any media such as community websites in mainland China.
### 2. The main purpose of writing this project is to study and research, and the legality, accuracy, completeness and validity of the project content cannot be guaranteed.
### 3. The data involved in this project is filled in by the individual or organization using it, and this project is not responsible for the content of the data, including but not limited to the authenticity, accuracy, and legality of the data. All the consequences of using this project have nothing to do with all contributors to this project, and are fully borne by the individual or organization using it.
### 4. The third-party hardware, software, etc. involved in this project have no direct or indirect relationship with this project. This project only objectively describes the deployment and use process, and does not represent support for the use of any third-party hardware or software. All consequences caused by the use of any third-party hardware and software shall be borne by the individual or organization using it, and have nothing to do with this project.
### 5. All content in this project is for study and research use only, and any content in this project shall not be used for other purposes that violate the laws and regulations of countries/regions/organizations or related regulations.
### 6. Any modification based on the source code of this project is the spontaneous behavior of other individuals or organizations, and has no direct or indirect relationship with this project, and all the consequences have nothing to do with this project.
### 7. All individuals and organizations that directly or indirectly use this project should complete their study and research within 24 hours, and delete all content in this project in a timely manner. If there is a need for the functions of this project, you should develop relevant functions yourself.
### 8. This project reserves the right to supplement or change the disclaimer at any time. Individuals or organizations that directly or indirectly use the content of this project are deemed to accept the special statement of this project.
